# stewartplatform_pid

This repository presents the design of a digital PID control implemented on a Stewart-Gough platform, delimited by six degrees of freedom (DOF), i.e., displacement on the XYZ axis and rotation with constraints of roll, pitch, and yaw. It covers the study and solution of kinematics, forward and inverse, correspondent to angular actuators, as well as the workspace described by the end-effector and its respective simulation for articulation motions to study extreme points and possible singularities. A forces analysis is generated based on applied forces to observe stress concentrators, security factors, and possible deformations. The definition of features and CAD design is generated from a math model taken from the public domain and the general selection of materials to construct a functional prototype is presented. An estimation of the sampling period is also considered to select the microcontroller and an approached definition for a timely response. The development of this prototype and its documentation are proposed as educational material for the study, design, and control of parallel mechanisms and digital control. This project was published in a eBook Automation and Contro by IntechOpen as "PID Controller Stewart Platform". Also you can view the video of this project in the next link: https://youtu.be/FSHkuMCNoyI

To get more information about this project or my different projects, please send me a message.

Contact: / GM: ronny.diiazparedes@gmail.com / IG: @rony.diaz_ / FB: /ronydiazparedes
